1st Condition: That he/she shall abstain from Shirk (association of any partner with God) right up to the day of his/her death.

Rich people buy time, Poor people buy stuff, Ambitious people buy skill, Lazy people buy distractions.

2nd Condition: That he/she shall keep away from falsehood, fornication, adultery, trespasses of the eye, debauchery, dissipation, cruelty, dishonesty, mischief and rebellion; 

and will not permit himself/herself to be carried away by passions, however strong they might be.

Stay 'private', Work 'hard', Dress 'well', Eat 'healthy', Talk 'less'.

3rd Condition: That he/she shall regularly offer the five daily prayers in accordance with the commandments of God and the Holy Prophet (PBUH); 

and shall try his/her best to be regular in offering the Tahajud and invoking Darood (blessings) on the Holy Prophet (PBUH); 

that he/she shall make it his/her daily routine to ask forgiveness for his/her sins, to remember the bounties of God and to praise and glorify Him.

Time is non refundable. Spend it wisely.

4th Condition: That under the impulse of any passions, he/she shall cause no harm whatsoever to the creatures of Allah in general, and Muslims in particular, neither by his/her tongue nor by his/her hands nor by any other means.

Money is a legal drug.

5th Condition: That he/she shall remain faithful to God in all circumstances of life, in sorrow and happiness, adversity and prosperity, in felicity and trial; 

and shall in all conditions remain resigned to the decree of Allah 

and keep himself/herself ready to face all kinds of indignities and sufferings in His way 

and shall never turn away from it at the onslaught of any misfortune; on the contrary, he/she shall march forward.

Two traps you need to avoid. 1.Caring what 'they' think; 2.thinking what they care.

6th Condition: That he/she shall refrain from following un-islamic customs and lustful inclinations, 

and shall completely submit himself/herself to the authority of the Holy Quran; 

and shall make the Word of God and the Sayings of the Holy Prophet (PBUH) the guiding principle in every walk of his/her life.

What they hate in you, is missing in them, so keep 'Shining'.

7th Condition: That he/she shall entirely give up pride and vanity and shall pass all his/her life in humbleness, cheerfulness, forbearance and meekness.

Small steps every day.

8th Condition: That he/she shall hold faith, the honor of faith, and the cause of Islam dearer to him/her than his/her life, wealth, honor, children and all other dear ones.

No one is coming to push you. That's your job.

9th Condition: That he/she shall keep himself/herself occupied in the service of God’s creatures for His sake only; 

and shall endeavor to benefit mankind to the best of his/her God-given abilities and powers.

10th Condition: That he/she shall enter into a bond of brotherhood with this humble servant of God, 

pledging obedience to me in everything good, for the sake of Allah, and remain faithful to it till the day of his/her death; 

that he/she shall exert such a high devotion in the observance of this bond as is not to be found in any other worldly relationship and connections demanding devoted dutifulness.

"Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow" : Helen Keller.